Who are you? This is the eldest lady of the official family
Miss Guan, don't be a villain
villain
No one came out, ma'am, yes
Okay, okay, okay.
Hurry up and settle the salary that should be settled.
Even the salaries of interns are high
This kind of auction house
Not worthy of participating at all
We hold key animals
I'll let you do it.
I'll notify Liang Shao first
You hand me over to him
This is the invitation letter.
A week later.
Invite the Liang family to participate in our Doubao Contest
Yang Ming, can you go too far?
Do it here
Even if it's for your sister
You're in trouble, you can't handle it yourself
Thank you Miss Guan
In fact, this time
This time, I happened to help you settle it.
But there won't be a next time
Again and again, no more.
Remember what you said yourself
Our official family has nothing to do with you
OK, I see.
Miss Guan, don't worry.
I'll let the finance department close Liang Yutong's words now
No, you're fired.
Go away
It's not Yang Ming.
Your sister is in arrears
I can help you get the company back.
But you need someone to fire the manager.
I didn't say I wanted to help you.
And I just reminded you
Don't try to get revenge on others under the banner of our key